[students chanting] Martin. you're screwed
Be ready to get booed!
[Eddy] What did I do?
-Be ready to get booed!
-Hey. hey. hey. what did I do to you?
How do you explain this. huh?
That's discriminatory toward Benjamin.
-[all booing]
-It's not. That's nothing!
-What do you mean. nothing?
-Nothing was gonna happen!
Worst case.
he would've had to change the wheels.
-[all booing]
-You put him on a landmine!
It was pure genius! Who else would've
thought to use the handicapped kid?
You're supposed to say disabled person!
-[all clamoring]
-Yeah!
We're requesting more help
for students with disabilities
and a student group
that discusses discrimination.
And access ramps throughout the school!
-[cheering]
-[mocking] Yeah!
We're also requesting an immersion day
where everyone
will have to use a wheelchair!
[all cheering]
What are you doing. asshole?
What the hell!
-I'm just being supportive.
-Supportive of what?
[all booing]
Move. Let me speak to Benjamin.
Come on move.
I know what you're doing. smart ass.
You're trying to show off
for some chick you like.
-Totally.
-I respect that but your exams are coming.
-I'll give you $50 if you get out.
-1.000.
I don't have that much money.
600 in three weeks?
Disabilities aren't fair!
Our teachers don't even care!
What are you even…? Hey!
Disabilities aren't fair!
Our teachers don't…
Yeah! Disabilities are--
FLUNKED
[all] Be ready to get booed!
[sighs] Quick question.
Can they occupy the school like that?
-When the cause is right. they can.
-When the cause is right?
-I saw the video. It's very shocking.
-What is?
You stripped Benjamin
of his sense of purpose.
What? I didn't strip anyone of anything.
I just used the extra weight.
-Well. there you go. That's the problem.
-Really?
-Benjamin isn't extra weight.
-I'm about to smack you.
-Benjamin helps keep society afloat.
-You're really asking for it.
Do you agree
with everything they're saying?
-What?
-Oh. okay. You weren't listening.
When the school goes on strike.
I turn on Podcasts.
WOKE MADNESS
I bought a few muffins.
There should be enough for the kids.
"Kids"? Give me a break. They're old
enough to shut down the school.
I'm telling you. if they're not gone
in ten minutes we're going home.
That's not an option. No way.
We're going back to the school
and breaking it up.
Our mission is to teach. right?
Don't forget that.
-He's right. I agree with him.
-Me too.
-Shut your mouth.
-Excuse me?
-Uh. wha…?
-What did you just say?
-[man] Forget about it.
-Did you hear him?
[Nora] There's something wrong
with today's society.
-You barely touch a kid…
-Yeah?
I know. I'm trying to
break everything up but…
-No. no. no. no! Don't do anything.
-I shouldn't?
No. I just intercepted
a message sent to Sagirov.
“School is shut down
but I'm working on it.”
-Seriously? Who sent it?
-Who do you think?
His mole did!
Someone at the school works for him
and is starting to panic
because of the blockade.
The message was sent using the Wifi from
Chicken Street. a place near the school.
Where is that? Do you know it?
-I'm there right now with the teachers.
-Then the mole is there with you!
Okay. Change of plans.
The school has to stay shut down.
That way we can smoke out the mole.
And if we find the mole.
we'll find Sagirov.
Isn't there a teacher there that's acting
weird? Who wants the strike to end?
[Eddy] Acting weird? They're all weirdos.
Why do you think
they put satellites above us. huh?
-I know who it is.
-Who? Which teacher?
Russian teacher.
Damn. Russian. It's obvious.
I'll keep you updated.
Fabien texted me.
Things are getting out of hand.
Freakin' animals!
We're not teachers. we're zookeepers.
What's going on?
Everything's getting out of control.
Hurry! We need to go!
-You're a loser!
-Oh. Oh! I'm a loser?
Yeah. what about solidarity?
-[all clamoring]
-Woah. woah! Hey. hey! What the hell!
-Those traitors are trying to get in!
-We wanna graduate!
Yeah. well. we're a team! No one gets in.
[all shouting]
I'm gonna call my dad! He's a riot cop
and he's gonna kick your asses!
No. no! Let's keep this blockade going!
No one calls the police!
-Jerk!
-What do you want? Huh?
-[Tiphaine] Stop it I said! You're gonna--
-[Florian] Hey!
-Look what you did!
-What did you do to my mom?
-[Florian] Calm down!
-[gunshot]
[all screaming]
Uh. don't worry. I only use blanks.
Then why is there a hole there?
Huh? Oh yeah. Uh…
Well… Oh! My bad! These aren't the blanks.
I must have mixed them up. sorry.
-You all right?
-I'm fine. Get your hands off me!
[students continue arguing]
-Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh!
-Oh. oh. oh! Shh!
Hey! You can block the school if you want.
That's your right!
Those of you who want to study come
with me. all right? Let's go. you nerds.
[all taunting. clamoring]
[shushing]
-Okay enough.
-Calm down. that's enough now.
Okay. okay. Come on. Enough.
-Give me that. moron.
-Be careful.
You're the moron.
You're all useless! Useless!
That's what you are!
I'm telling you. you should forget
about the exams and join the strike!
You'll get your diploma no matter what.
So stop worrying.
If there's one thing
you can't learn in books that's
-more important than anything it's--
-Compassion?
Oh. You're a lost cause.
The most important thing in life
is attitude.
Okay? Attitude.
Just now you… You showed me
that you're fucking losers.
You're suck-ups and snitches.
When I look at you. that's all I see!
So wake the fuck up! Dare to fight back!
And go join the strike!
-[all groaning]
-[girl] Sir! Come on!
Yes. yes! Now repeat after me!
Riot cops are faggots!
-[boy] You can't say that…
-Riot cops-- What now?
-Saying faggots is really homophobic.
-You don't say?
-Yeah. It's homophobic.
-All right. Fine. fine. fine. fine.
Riot cops. sons of bitches!
-Riot cops. sons of bitches!
-You can't say that either.
Yeah. well. we're saying it anyway!
Riot cops. sons of bitches!
Riot cops. sons of bitches.
[all weakly joining in]
Riot cops…
-[students chanting]
-"Sons of bitches." You're okay with that?
I'm asking 'cause
you're okay with nothing.
"Sons of bitches." Hmm.
I've heard worse. It's fine by me.
Okay. never mind.
-Laurence isn't with you?
-No. She had something to do.
It's great that they're participating.
But isn't it. uh. maybe a little bit…
I don't know. Maybe a little aggressive.
don't you think?
Henri. chant number two!
[Henri] Okay!
Send the cops to the zoo!
Let the pigs meet their crew!
-[students chanting]
-It's better. right?
Where did Laurence go?
-Oh. That way.
-Thanks.
[intriguing music playing]
[Eddy] Target is moving.
I repeat. target is moving.
[Lucie] Stop with the "target" crap.
We don't know if she's Sagirov's mole.
Of course we know it's her.
She's weird as hell. she speaks Russian.
and wants to end the blockade.
It has to be her.
So stand by. Over.
[Lucie] Yeah. yeah. I won't hang up.
The target just walked into a store.
[Lucie] What's she doing?
She's getting chips.
-And a pregnancy test.
-What? Really?
I'm fucking with you! I don't know
what she's doing. She's too far.
[Lucie sighs]
She's leaving the store.
-What the hell?
-What? What is it?
She got a prepaid phone.
Oh!
Fuck! I just ripped my pants.
Goddamn!
Can I expense this?
[Lucie] We have a dry cleaning
service and they also do repairs.
-Oh? That's perfect.
-[scoffs] I'm fucking with you too. idiot.
-Okay. what's she doing now?
-I don't know.
Wait.
She's on the phone.
[phone clattering]
-No way!
-What?
She called someone
and now she's crushing the phone.
It's her! It's definitely her.
Call for backup!
What backup? You think I've got
choppers and a SWAT team or what?
How am I supposed to do my job properly?
-Did you have a budget cut or what?
-Shut up and stay focused!
[sighs] Seriously.
These pants were like 800 bucks.
The target isn't moving.
[Lucie] Copy that.
The target still isn't moving.
How about you tell me when she is moving?
[chuckles]
Ah. this is so much fun.
The target is altering her appearance.
For fuck's sake! Use normal words!
Okay. well.
she put on a cap and sunglasses.
There. Thank you.
-Wai-wai-wai-wai-wait.
-What?
-A guy on a bike just got here.
-And?
He gave her a bag.
And now she's about to leave.
Do I follow her?
No. no. no! Don't follow her!
Come back home now.
I'm going to bug her apartment.
Shit! If only you'd given me a gun!
Okay. The bird is flying back to its nest.
The bird is flying back to its nest.
[chuckles] This is great!
-Stop the spy act. We're not in a movie!
-Oh shit!
Eddy? Why are you out of breath?
What's happening? Talk to me!
I got caught by the freak!
Edouard? Why are you tailing me?
You know why I'm tailing you.
Of course I do.
You think a foreign power
got me infiltrating the school?
So you went on the darknet
to get information about me.
And found nothing 'cause
I don't have a landline or a bank account
and I change my phone every 15 days.
So you put a micro tracker on my bag.
Here I am. Good job.
That's… exactly it.
[sighs]
[shushing]
And now you wanna know what's in here.
I would like to. Yeah.
Can I have a look?
I never get my food delivered at home.
I don't trust anyone.
[scoffs]
I do the exact same thing.
I'm so glad that I found someone like me.
Just like you. Yeah.
Someone who's aware
of what's happening in the world.
Mm-hm.
-Everyone at work thinks I'm crazy.
-Pfft. They're the crazy ones!
Not you.
They're all involved.
But you and I we both know they're. uh…
[groaning]
[chuckles]
-Want a fry?
-I would love one.
How do I know it's not poisoned?
[both laugh softly]
-Oh! I…
-No. I wasn't--
-Sorry. I wasn't trying to--
-Me neither.
Okay then.
Hey.
You and me… we need to stick together.
Enjoy those fries.
[whispering] Bat shit crazy.
[exhales]
[Lucie] Okay. Now we know
the freak's not the mole.
But we know it's one of the teachers
so tomorrow…
you need to go through the lockers.
-With the blockade. sounds a bit tricky.
-Not at all! No one will be around.
-Mm. This is good stuff.
-I know it is.
Your Peter doesn't cook?
Yeah. he does. His name's not Peter.
You still haven't told me his name.
so… to me he's Peter.
Speaking of.
he's not too upset about Normandy?
So-so.
So-so?
You can't give me more details?
Come on. I always tell you everything.
-How come you don't?
-Don't tell me anything anymore then.
Can you at least tell me
why you want to catch Sagirov?
Is it some sort of payback?
Okay. fine.
You know what? I don't care.
I thought we were
in this together but fine. Whatever.
My little sister worked for him.
More or less.
She worked for some guys. who knew
some other guys. who worked for him.
Yeah.
At first. she only sold his crap but…
[scoffs]
-…then she started--
-Then she started using.
Got addicted. needed money to buy more.
started selling her body.
lost most of her teeth.
And was found dead in a squat.
Poor crackhead.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Absolutely not.
-She went to rehab and she's fine now.
-Oh. Okay.
-[groans]
-Good for her.
My boss wanted
to give the case to someone else.
I'm too involved. he said.
But that's the thing!
I want to take him down more than anyone!
-We good? Can we eat now?
-Yes. Now we can.
See. wasn't too hard.
Don't you feel better now?
[computer beeps]
Mm! The mole! He messaged Sagirov.
"Minister visit. No problem."
What does that mean?
Is it some kind of code?
Someone just sent a message
on the teacher's WhatsApp group.
“That bitch is going down!”
Put on the news.
-Come on. hurry!
-Oh. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Amid the escalating school blockade
the Minister of Education
has announced her upcoming visit to
Charles Baudelaire High School in Lille.
She's expected to meet
with the protesting students
-and discuss several of their demands.
-It's getting wild.
Such as inclusion
for students with limited mobility.
-They did it. I can't believe it.
-[Lucie] Damn it!
That means they'll have cameras
everywhere. You'll end up on TV.
-We're screwed.
-I won't go. That settles it.
-No. you have to go.
-Then I'll go.
-Yes. But watch out!
-Oh.
-Keep 100m between you and the minister.
-Okay.
-Uh. 200's better. Yeah.
-Okay fine.
-Maybe three. Just stay away. Got it?
-Got it!
-Eddy!
-What?
-For real.
-I swear.
I swear on Peter's life.
[siren sounding]
All right.
-[man] Hello. Minister!
-[woman] Madam Minister!
-Madam Regional President.
-Thank you for coming.
-Madam Minister.
-She's the principal.
-Madam Principal. How are you?
-Delighted. I'm doing great.
There was no need
to come all the way here.
We're here because the government
is extremely committed
to provide real concrete answers.
So you're the bloggers?
The blockers! Pardon me. Hello.
-Hello.
-Hello. Ma'am.
I was told
there was a discrimination problem?
Yeah. I'll show you the problem.
Here it is. This is Benjamin.
-Good Morning. Benjamin.
-Hi. Ma'am.
Vroom-vroom! [chuckles]
The government is fully committed
to fighting all types of discrimination.
None will be tolerated.
-Sure. But I was put on a landmine. ma'am.
-Come again?
Uh. That's a really long story.
and the minister surely has
more important things to do.
But I don't.
And. of course.
the government is extremely committed
in the fight against anti-personnel mines…
in Angola.
In Cambodia.
-It was in Normandy.
-There too.
Here's my proposal.
If you lift the blockade.
in return. my team will meet
with your representatives at the Ministry.
For an open discussion
on disability. all right?
That's perfect. Thank you.
Madam Minister. for your time--
[Théo] Sorry. but no.
-That's not the only problem.
-[students agreeing]
Of course. But once again the government
is mobilized to address these problems.
Unfortunately. we need to set priorities.
Yeah. well. Pathwayup crashed.
-For starters.
-[all chattering]
There's a ton of water leaks in our classrooms.
Half the teachers are missing. When we
finally get a substitute they're dipshits.
-Yeah! She's right!
-Excuse me. miss. I'll stop you there.
You've crossed the line.
I will not tolerate anyone speaking ill
of substitute teachers.
What our contract workers
are accomplishing is remarkable!
But he put me on the landmine.
I see. And where is this…
-Uh…
-…man who put you on a landmine?
-I guess I'll wait.
-Mr. Martin. The math teacher.
Where's Mr. Martin?
So. Nora.
[sighs] Pablo. Where is Pablo's?
The fuck! Even his locker screams riot!
This left wing crap? What a loser.
And it smells.
Florian. you son of a bitch.
There's your protein.
That asshole! I knew it!
-What a bastard.
-[Tiphaine] Eddy?
What? Yeah?
Why are you going through
Florian's locker?
I wanted to know his secret.
-His secret?
-Yeah. Why him?
-Because he's nice.
-[scoffs] Okay.
-Because he's present.
-Yeah.
Because he never lied to me. That's why.
Yeah.
-And because the sex is great.
-Okay. You said enough.
-What do you want?
-The minister wants to see you.
-No.
-No?
No.
I don't want to. I'm just gonna
start mouthing off again. No.
-Eddy. I really need you to do this it's--
-No.
Don't push it.
-Okay.
-Great.
-You understand?
-Yeah. Of course.
-Yeah?
[shattering]
[sighs deeply]
Tiphaine?
-Hey.
-[sniffles]
What's the matter?
I'm fed up with everything.
Threatening parents
and complaining teachers
and the school system that sucks…
I'm used to all that.
I know how to handle it but…
But this time… [exhales sharply]
It's too much.
Even my son is getting on my nerves.
-None of that is your fault.
-[scoffs]
-Your son's just being a teenager.
-No.
Hey.
-You used to piss your dad off too.
-But I never shut down a school.
Yeah. well. uh…
Your son's a go-getter. Hm?
And so are you.
Can you please
go talk to the minister. Eddy?
[exhales sharply]
The thing is I'm an ex-convict.
For your sake. I don't want you
to be seen next to me on TV.
-Okay.
-Wai-wai-wait.
I'll do it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Thanks.
[rock music playing]
Madam Minister.
-Teaching has become high-risk.
-Yup.
I chose to conceal my identity
to ensure my own safety.
-But things need to be said.
-I'm listening now.
I'm a substitute math teacher. okay?
It's not easy.
We have no training
and get put in overcrowded classes.
We try our best but there's
only so much we can do.
I understand but the government--
Yeah. "The government is extremely
committed to blah. blah. blah!"
But those are just words!
What's the government really doing?
[students] Yeah!
What are you doing
about the lack of resources? Huh?
[all] Yeah!
What are you doing about the school
programs that keep changing? Huh?
-That's true!
-What are you doing to make sure
teachers actually want
to come to work every day? Huh?
We terrified! It's terrifying!
He's what's terrifying.
Our principal is doing her best.
She can't do everything but she's amazing.
Heroic even. But she can't work miracles!
That's why we're demanding
immediate funding to make sure
the whole school
is accessible to Benjamin!
[cheering]
[Pablo] Ramps for Benjamin!
Consider it done. You have my word!
We want clear. concrete commitments
for every high school in France.
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
Well said! Bravo! Yes!
-Listen. we promise--
-No. no. no. Say it to the camera!
Okay? Say. ''We promise to double
the national education budget!''
[cheering]
No. We can't.
No. no. Listen. Stop.
We can't just say anything we want.
This isn't ''anything''!
This is everything!
-And we want answers!
-I know that.
If our kids fall behind.
everything falls behind!
I know that! I… I have children too!
-Then how come none of this bothers you?
-Of course it bothers me!
That's why I send
my kids to private school!
[all gasping]
Oh wow.
After the minister's sudden departure.
our team carried out their investigation.
And indeed her two daughters attend
an exclusive private school
-in one of Paris's upscale neighborhoods.
-The news has ignited a heated debate.
Strike calls have been issued
across several school districts.
And tomorrow teachers are expected
to take to the streets of Lille.
And the question on everyone's mind is.
"Who is this Professor FishFace?"
Currently anonymous.
his hard-hitting exchange
with the minister sent shockwaves
across the nation.
Real funny. huh?
Hilarious.
Hm?
What? Nobody saw my face.
-She shouldn't treat us like that.
-Us? Who's ''us''?
Ex-convicts? Undercover agents?
Dumb-asses?
No. Us. Teachers.
-You're not a teacher!
-Okay. chill! We know who the mole is.
It's just a matter of time
before we find Sagirov.
The prepaid phone in Florian's locker?
That's a hell of a clue.
It's a shitty clue.
The man's cheating on his wife. of course
he has a prepaid phone. It's not weird.
-You want to get rid of your competition.
-No.
You're not thinking clearly.
You're in love.
Not at all! I'm not in love.
-You're wrong.
-Yeah. right.
I'm going to the protest with you.
If I'm not there you won't find the mole.
-Yes. I will. I'm doing fine without you.
-No. you're not.
You know what?
Take a break. Get some rest.
-I don't need a break.
-Spend some time with your children.
-No. It's fine.
-And Peter.
Stop it with Peter. he's gone!
[Lucie sighs exasperatedly]
[objects clattering]
[melancholy music playing]
I had no idea.
What happened?
When we came back from Normandy.
we got into a fight.
A big one.
He said he'd rather I stay away for now
and not come home until I…
until I finish the investigation and then…
Then we'll see.
Damn it.
All this can't have been for nothing.
No. It hasn't been for nothing.
Listen…
We'll find the mole.
And you'll get Peter back.
[both chuckle]
That's not his name.
Yeah. well.
[all singing] ♪ Here we are!
Here we are! ♪
♪ The minister's gone too far
So here we are! ♪
♪ For all the students and parents
and especially the teachers! ♪
♪ The minister's gone too far
so here we are ♪
♪ Here we are! ♪
[singing continues]
Here. Some eye drops. Eye drops.
Eye drops in case of a tear-gas attack.
The protest's chill.
I don't think there'll be any.
I wouldn't be so sure! Riot cops love to
incite violence at the end of a protest.
Because you don't incite violence. huh?
[Eddy] Nora.
remind me why you're here again?
Isn't all this
a little too liberal for you?
I'm here because I stand with my
profession but I also respect the police.
Obviously.
-Exactly.
-[Lucie] Eddy. can you hear me?
Yeah. where are you?
A little further back.
Blending in.
-Any news?
-I've got a plan.
If Sagirov's kid is in danger. Florian
will have to do something about it.
Okay. But don't do anything stupid.
Who you talkin' to?
Uh. nobody.
Yes. you are. who is it?
You.
[laughs]
Hm.
Okay. everyone!
Stop. stop. stop! Let's take two.
Stop. stop. stop! Let's take two!
Listen. I think it's time we stand behind
and let the students stand up front?
Why? Are you embarrassed?
[Eddy] It's important the media sees
the kids standing on the front line.
-It'll show how involved our students are.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Good idea!
-I would love to stand in the back.
-[Eddy] Let's pull back. Come on.
-All students to the front line!
I'm counting on you. Don't mess things up.
And after the protest I want you
to go see your mother and apologize.
-Okay.
-Good.
[Pablo] Come on. everyone. Keep moving.
♪ Here we are! ♪
-Florian?
-What are you doing? Let's go.
-Follow us. We're standing behind.
-No. I'm…
I think I should stay up front.
Just in case things go wrong.
I'll stay here with the students.
Come on. Don't worry.
We stand back there.
the students up front.
and worst case.
a few kids get tear-gassed.
-The parents won't mind. right?
-Yeah. yeah.
We're on the same team.
Which team?
Sagirov.
Don't worry. don't worry.
That's why we should stand back there.
Where we can keep an eye on the boy.
-The boy?
-Sagirov's boy.
-[boy 1] Whoa!
-[boy 2] Hey!
Damn it! I'm such an idiot!
-Lucie!
-What?
Your Sagirov guy doesn't have a boy.
He has a girl.
And Florian's definitely the mole.
-Did you get him?
-No. he ran off. I just lost him.
[Lucie] What's he wearing?
Uh. A blue jacket. a red shirt and jeans.
Take my sign. okay?
-Blue jacket. Red shirt. Jeans.
-Move! Let me get through!
Blue jacket. Red shirt. Jeans.
Fuck. Find him yet?
-Yeah!
-Where?
He just went into an alley
right next to the red CGT balloon.
Red balloon? Where is it?
Okay. there it is! I see it! I'm coming!
Sir! Sir! We need your help!
Those loser students. the snitches!
They're about to get tear-gassed.
I'm busy!
They've completely lost their minds!
They'll listen to you!
[groans] Fuck.
Riot cops. sons of bitches!
[chanting continues]
[panting]
[both grunting]
[Lucie panting]
Get up now.
Face the wall!
[Florian grunts]
[groans]
Here.
Cuff yourself.
To the railing. Do it!
Okay. I got him. Eddy.
Eddy?
[students chanting]
Riot cops. sons of bitches!
Stop. stop. stop!
No. no. no! You stay here!
-[Théo] Okay. all right!
-Hey! Calm down! Everybody calm down!
-You're the one who taught this to us!
-You teachers are doing great!
-The context was completely different!
-In what context am I a son of a bitch?
Well. you know?
[all booing]
Calm down! Everyone. calm down!
[booing continues]
[officer] Projectile! Visor down!
[chanting] Put your visors down.
you fucking clowns!
Guys! Stop it with the insults!
Cut it out! Everyone. stop!
-Calm down!
-Stop it guys!
Hey! Get off him! You son of a bitch!
-[all screaming]
-Get off! Let me go! Let me go!
Eddy!
Lucie!
Ugh. what an idiot!
[upbeat music playing]
[music fades out]